Travel Review Segmentation

Abstract:
Understanding the tastes of each user and the characteristics of each
product is necessary to predict how a user will respond to a new product.
This latent user and product dimensions can be discovered with the help of
user feedback. A numeric rating and its accompanying text review is the
most widely available form of user feedback. A measure which
encapsulates the contents of such reviews is often necessary as they have
been found to significantly influence the shopping behaviour of users. A
fine-grained form of such measure that could act as perfect feedback about
the product is a star rating. The review rating prediction tries to predict a
rating corresponding to the given review.

Problem Statement:
Given the google rating data, use a hierarchical clustering algorithm to
cluster reviews.

Dataset Information:
This data set is populated by capturing user ratings from Google reviews.
Reviews on attractions from 24 categories across Europe are considered.
Google user rating ranges from 1 to 5 and the average user rating per
category is calculated.

Variable Description:
Column Description
User Unique user id
Attribute 1 Average ratings on churches
Attribute 2 Average ratings on resorts
Attribute 3 Average ratings on beaches
Attribute 4 Average ratings on parks
Attribute 5 Average ratings on theatres
Attribute 6 Average ratings on museums
Attribute 7 Average ratings on malls
Attribute 8 Average ratings on zoo
Attribute 9 Average ratings on restaurants
Attribute 10 Average ratings on pubs/bars
Attribute 11 Average ratings on local services
Attribute 12 Average ratings on burger/pizza shops
Attribute 13 Average ratings on hotels/other lodgings
Attribute 14 Average ratings on juice bars
Attribute 15 Average ratings on art galleries
Attribute 16 Average ratings on dance clubs
Attribute 17 Average ratings on swimming pools
Attribute 18 Average ratings on gyms
Attribute 19 Average ratings on bakeries
Attribute 20 Average ratings on beauty & spas
Attribute 21 Average ratings on cafes
Attribute 22 Average ratings on viewpoints
Attribute 23 Average ratings on monuments
Attribute 24 Average ratings on gardens

Scope:
● Analyzing the existing data and getting valuable insights about the
review pattern
● Data pre-processing including missing value treatment
● Cluster the reviews based on the optimum number of clusters (‘k’)
with the help of dendrogram

Learning Outcome:
The students will get a better understanding of how the variables are
linked to each other and will be able to apply hierarchical clustering to
determine review types.